The Internet service company Yahoo! reported two major data breaches of user account data to hackers during the second half of 2016. The first reported data breach in 2016 had taken place sometime in late 2014, according to Yahoo! The hackers had obtained data from over 500 million user accounts, including account names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords, and in some cases, encrypted or unencrypted security questions and answers. While two of the three buyers of this data were found to be underground spammers, the third buyer had specifically asked the seller of the Yahoo! data to affirm if ten names of United States and foreign government officials were on the offered list and information associated with them. In its statement, the FBI said "The criminal conduct at issue, carried out and otherwise facilitated by officers from an FSB unit that serves as the FBI's point of contact in Moscow on cybercrime matters, is beyond the pale." The four men accused include Alexsey Belan, a hacker on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list, FSB agents Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin who the FBI accused of paying Belan and other hackers to conduct the hack, and Canadian hacker Karim Baratov who the FBI claimed was paid by Dokuchaev and Sushchin to use data obtained by the Yahoo! breaches to breach into about 80 non-Yahoo! accounts of specific targets. On October 28, the European privacy regulators "Article 29 Working Party" outlined concerns about the 2014 data breach as well as allegations that the company built a system that scanned customers' incoming emails at the request of U.S. intelligence services in a letter to Yahoo. They asked Yahoo! to communicate all aspects of the data breach to the EU authorities, to notify the affected users of the "Adverse effects" and to cooperate with all "Upcoming national data protection authorities' enquiries and/or investigations". In late November, Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner, the lead European regulator on privacy issues for Yahoo! whose European headquarters are in Dublin, said that it had stepped up its examination of the breach, that it was awaiting information from Yahoo! on allegations that it helped the U.S. government scan users' emails, and that Yahoo! was not investigating the breach but just examining it.