An exposed database on a MoviePass subdomain housing 161 million records was left unsecured and exposed credit card and customer card information on at least 60,000 of the ticket service's customers. "Because a database was left publicly accessible, reportedly for months, at least 58,000 records related to MoviePass customers are vulnerable to misuse and abuse at the hands of cybercriminals," said Stephan Chenette, Co-Founder and CTO at AttackIQ. "At its peak, MoviePass boasted more than 3 million customers in June 2018, so it's entirely possible we'll see the number of impacted individuals grow exponentially." Because "Technically, this breach can be interpreted as the company giving away customer data for free" and because the exposed data included personally identifiable information and payment card details, it leaves "Impacted customers vulnerable to future fraud or phishing attacks," said Arkose Labs CEO Kevin Gosschalk. The once rapidly growing, but often financially challenged, MoviePass popped up last year to great fanfare, attracting millions of customers who pony up a monthly subscription fee and use MasterCard-issued debit cards to pay for movie passes. "Unlike credit cards, debit cards don't offer the same protection to customers. When a fraudulent transaction occurs on your credit card, you have lost no money and the issue will never impact your bank account. With a debit card, your bank account balance is directly affected from the moment the fraudulent transaction takes place. While the customers can put a hold on their cards, timing is the key in these types of situations. As this database was left publicly accessible, reportedly for months, companies must learn from MoviePass's mistake and implement a proactive approach to fraud prevention that safeguards their customers' data." "MoviePass reportedly obstructed its customers from buying tickets by forcibly changing user passwords in April 2019," said Ben Goodman, senior vice president of global business and corporate development at ForgeRock. "According to a recent survey from PwC, 87 percent of consumers take their business elsewhere if they do not trust a company is handling their data responsibly, so it will not be surprising if affected customers take their business to alternative services like Regal Entertainment's Regal Unlimited instead.".