In June 2015, the United States Office of Personnel Management announced that it had been the target of a data breach targeting the records of as many as four million people. The first breach, named "X1" by the Department of Homeland Security, was discovered March 20, 2014 when a third party notified DHS of data exfiltration from OPM's network. Ultimately, the conclusive House of Representatives' Majority Staff Report on the OPM breach discovered no evidence suggesting that CyTech Services knew of Cylance's involvement or had prior knowledge of an existing breach at the time of its product demonstration, leading to the finding that both tools independently "Discovered" the malicious code running on the OPM network. On June 13, 2015, OPM spokesman Samuel Schumach said that investigators had "a high degree of confidence that OPM systems containing information related to the background investigations of current, former, and prospective federal government employees, to include U.S. military personnel, and those for whom a federal background investigation was conducted, may have been exfiltrated." The Central Intelligence Agency does not use the OPM system; therefore, it may not have been affected. J. David Cox, president of the American Federation of Government Employees, wrote in a letter to OPM director Katherine Archuleta that, based on the incomplete information that the AFGE had received from OPM, "We believe that the Central Personnel Data File was the targeted database, and that the hackers are now in possession of all personnel data for every federal employee, every federal retiree, and up to one million former federal employees." Cox stated that the AFGE believes that the breach compromised military records, veterans' status information, addresses, dates of birth, job and pay history, health insurance and life insurance information, pension information, and data on age, gender, and race. The breach also consisted of a malware package which installed itself within OPM's network and established a backdoor. A March 2015 OPM Office of the Inspector General semi-annual report to Congress warned of "Persistent deficiencies in OPM's information system security program," including "Incomplete security authorization packages, weaknesses in testing of information security controls, and inaccurate Plans of Action and Milestones."