Sincerely, Jeffrey R. Marrs President and Chief Executive Officer ACCO Engineered Systems, Inc. Z5652 v.06 Steps You Can Take to Protect Your Personal Information Enroll in Complimentary Credit Monitoring As a safeguard, we have arranged for you to enroll, at no cost to you, in an online credit monitoring service for one year provided by TransUnion Interactive, a subsidiary of TransUnion,® one of the three nationwide credit reporting companies. ADDITIONAL DETAILS REGARDING YOUR 12-MONTH COMPLIMENTARY CREDIT MONITORING SERVICE: Once you are enrolled, you will be able to obtain one year of unlimited access to your TransUnion credit report and credit score. Under U.S. law you are entitled to one free credit report annually from each of the three major credit reporting bureaus. You have the right to place a "Security freeze" on your credit report, which will prohibit a consumer reporting agency from releasing information in your credit report without your express authorization. You should be aware that using a security freeze to take control over who gets access to the personal and financial information in your credit report may delay, interfere with, or prohibit the timely approval of any subsequent request or application you make regarding a new loan, credit, mortgage, or any other account involving the extension of credit. For New Mexico residents, you have rights pursuant to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, such as the right to be told if information in your credit file has been used against you, the right to know what is in your credit file, the right to ask for your credit score, and the right to dispute incomplete or inaccurate information. Further, pursuant to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the consumer reporting agencies must correct or delete inaccurate, incomplete, or unverifiable information; consumer reporting agencies may not report outdated negative information; access to your file is limited; you must give your consent for credit reports to be provided to employers; you may limit "Prescreened" offers of credit and insurance you get based on information in your credit report; and you may seek damages from violators.