NOIDA: Snacks manufacturer Haldiram's faced a ransomware attack on its servers by hackers who allegedly encrypted all its files, data, applications and systems and demanded a ransom of 7.5 lakh USD for giving access to the stolen data. According to the FIR lodged at Sector 58 police station, on July 13 around 1.30 am, the IT department of Haldiram's got to know that a few orders had been held up as there was a problem with the server. "That on receipt of the aforesaid information, senior manager Ashok Kumar Mohanty informed Aziz Khan, DGM to resolve the issue. However, on accessing the servers of the company, Mr. Aziz Khan, found out that all the servers of the company had been hacked and hit by a cyber-attack/malware popularly called as a Ransomware Attack. Upon becoming aware of the attack, officials reached the corporate office of the company situated at C-31, Sector-62, Noida at about 2.30am to analyse the situation and resolve the same," the FIR read. It added that the officials decided to call another IT official who found some traffic being generated from other servers. "It would further not be out of context to mention that the hackers, to give effect to a pre-hatched and pre- planned criminal conspiracy with each other, have not only stolen the data from the servers but have also contacted the complainant through certain servers to illegally extort money from the company to provide it access to its own data/information and to delete the data stolen from the complainants' servers/systems," the FIR states. The hackers left a message on all affected servers declaring it was a "Ransomware attack" and all files, data, applications and systems had been encrypted. They demanded 7.5 lakh USD to release the data and delete the content. The company's DGM and complainant Aziz Khan said: "We had given a complaint to the cyber cell in July itself but an FIR was lodged after more than two months. We have restored all our data internally." Additional DCP Ankur Aggarwal, also in-charge of the cyber cell, said police got data from official channels in early October after which the FIR was lodged.